docs: toBool built-in function (#164)
reviewpad/docs: docs/guides/built-ins/functions/toBool/index.mdx

import CodeBlock from "@theme/CodeBlock";
import Example from "!!raw-loader!./example.yml";

**Description**:

> Converts a string into a boolean. This built-in function is basically a wrapper around [strconv.ParseBool](https://pkg.go.dev/strconv#ParseBool).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Converts a string into a boolean. This built-in is a wrapper around [strconv.ParseBool](https://pkg.go.dev/strconv#ParseBool).
```

It accepts 1, t, T, TRUE, true, True, 0, f, F, FALSE, false, False. Any other value returns an error.

**Parameters**:

| Parameter | Type   | Description                                         |
| :-------- | :----- | :-------------------------------------------------- |

> | `string`  | string | The string that needs to be converted to a boolean. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `string`  | string | The string value to be converted to a boolean. |
```
